Privacy Policy
HappyOneX builds Wooden Fish applications into commercial applications. This service is provided by HappyOneX and is intended to be used as is.
If someone decides to use my service, this page is used to inform visitors of my personal information collection, use, and disclosure policies.
If you choose to use my services, it means that you agree to collect and use information related to this policy. The personal information I collect is used to provide and improve services. Except as stated in this privacy policy, I will not use your information or share it with anyone.
The terms used in this privacy policy have the same meaning as our terms and conditions, and can be accessed on Wooden Fish unless otherwise defined in this privacy policy.

Information collection and use
No information collected
Service Provider
I may hire third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
Provide convenience for our services;
Provide services on behalf of us;
Provide services related to services; or
Help us analyze how to use our services.
I would like to notify users of this service that these third parties can access your personal information. The reason is to represent us in carrying out the tasks assigned to them. However, they have an obligation not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.


security
I value your trust in providing us with personal information, so we are working hard to protect it in a commercially acceptable way. But please remember that any method of transmission or electronic storage through the internet is not 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Link to other websites
This service may include links to other websites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to the website. Please note that these external websites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly recommend that you review the privacy policies of these websites. I have no control over the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party website or service, and I do not assume any responsibility.
Children's privacy
These services are not targeted at anyone under the age of 13. I will not intentionally collect personal identification information of children under the age of 13. If I discover that a child under the age of 13 has provided me with personal information, I will immediately delete it from our server. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I can take necessary action.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
I may update our privacy policy from time to time. Therefore, it is recommended that you regularly check this page to learn about any changes. If there are any changes, I will publish a new privacy policy on this page to notify you.
This policy will come into effect from August 13, 2023
contact us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my privacy policy, please feel free to contact me at any time happyOneX@163.com.
This privacy policy page is created on privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by the application privacy policy generator
